README.md, before:

# Horiseon-Code-Refactor
LICENSE: xxx

INSTALLATION: Fork this repository and clone it to your local source using git clone commands.

PACKAGES: Coming soon. 

DESCRIPTION:
Horiseon assists businesses in building and maintaining a successful website. The three main focuses of Horiseon are optimizing search engine results, managing online reputation, and marketing via social media. Horiseon works to create an accessible website to bring more traffic and therefore potential customers to your page. Additionally, Horiseon can help improve what people think of your business by controlling what potential customers see when they search for your buisness online. Lastly, social media platforms have a large influence on buyer habits. Horiseon helps to find platforms with the right markets that are suited to your brand. 

Benefits of using Horiseon:
Studies have proven the following benefits of using Horiseon.
1. Lead generation - Horiseon will increase the volume of leads or potential clients, therefore requiring less work for your business as potential customers are drawn directly to your website. 
2. Brand awareness - Horiseon helps improve search engine ranking and visibility of your website, increasing the awareness of your business.
3. Cost management - Horiseon helps to decrease adverstising costs for your company. As more and more leads or potential customers are brought in and brand awareness increases, there is no longer a need to advertise your page. 

Check out Horiseon by clicking [here](https://hseymo.github.io/Horiseon-Code-Refactor/#social-media-marketing).

DEMONSTRATION

By visiting this webpage, you will find a product demonstrating how Horiseon can help with your webpage. By following accessibility standards, it is optimized for search engines. Upon reviewing the page, you will find:
- HTML uses semantic elements. This helps communicate to video captions, screen readers, braille keyboards and other assistive technologies what the components of the page are. 
- HTML follows logical structure. It is broken down into easy to read parts, like the header, main, aside, articles, footer. 
- The images and logos on the page have alt attributes to explain the image should it not appear or be read by a screen-reader.
- Headings are logical and sequential; making them easy to follow.
- The website's title is descriptive of what the page represents. 
- Please note that the page is a WIP and is not yet optimized for screens smaller tha 768px.  


APPLICATION
![Screenshot](./assets/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

AWKNOWLEDGMENTS
This project is a code refactor for the University of Washington Web Development Bootcamp. Initial html, css and image files were all provided by the organization. The code was optimized by myself for accessible use, however I am not the creator nor owner of the contents.

QUESTIONS
If you have any questions, please contact me on GitHub at [hseymo](https://github.com/hseymo) or by [email](mailto:fake@gmail.com).

[Horiseon](https://hseymo.github.io/Horiseon-Code-Refactor/#social-media-marketing).

Commit message:

license added to README; comments modified in html and css files

README.md, after:

# Horiseon-Code-Refactor
LICENSE: [GNU Public License](https://github.com/hseymo/Horiseon-Code-Refactor/blob/main/LICENSE)

INSTALLATION: Fork this repository and clone it to your local source using git clone commands.

PACKAGES: None. 

DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT:
This is a project refactoring code. This landing page for Horiseon contains both HTML and CSS components. This page has been refactored to follow accessibility standards and therefore be optimized for assistive technologies and search engines. Upon reviewing the page, you will find:
- HTML uses semantic elements. This helps communicate to video captions, screen readers, braille keyboards and other assistive technologies what the components of the page are. 
- HTML follows logical structure. It is broken down into easy to read parts, like the header, main, aside, articles, footer. 
- The images and logos on the page have alt attributes to explain the image should it not appear or be read by a screen-reader.
- Headings are logical and sequential; making them easy to follow.
- The website's title is descriptive of what the page represents. 
- Please note that the page is a WIP and is not yet optimized for screens smaller tha 768px.  

DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY:
Horiseon assists businesses in building and maintaining a successful website. The three main focuses of Horiseon are optimizing search engine results, managing online reputation, and marketing via social media. Horiseon works to create an accessible website to bring more traffic and therefore potential customers to your page. Additionally, Horiseon can help improve what people think of your business by controlling what potential customers see when they search for your buisness online. Lastly, social media platforms have a large influence on buyer habits. Horiseon helps to find platforms with the right markets that are suited to your brand. 

Benefits of using Horiseon:
Studies have proven the following benefits of using Horiseon.
1. Lead generation - Horiseon will increase the volume of leads or potential clients, therefore requiring less work for your business as potential customers are drawn directly to your website. 
2. Brand awareness - Horiseon helps improve search engine ranking and visibility of your website, increasing the awareness of your business.
3. Cost management - Horiseon helps to decrease adverstising costs for your company. As more and more leads or potential customers are brought in and brand awareness increases, there is no longer a need to advertise your page. 

Check out Horiseon by clicking [here](https://hseymo.github.io/Horiseon-Code-Refactor/#social-media-marketing).

APPLICATION
![Screenshot](./assets/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

AWKNOWLEDGMENTS
This project is a code refactor for the University of Washington Web Development Bootcamp. Initial html, css and image files were all provided by the organization. The code was optimized by myself for accessible use, however I am not the creator nor owner of the contents.

QUESTIONS
If you have any questions, please contact me on GitHub at [hseymo](https://github.com/hseymo) or by [email](mailto:fake@gmail.com).

[Horiseon](https://hseymo.github.io/Horiseon-Code-Refactor/#social-media-marketing).
